,summary
0,"Someone brought me a long cream colored limousine. I get in the driver's seat. I drive up a country road, mud and gravel and then turn, finding I can drive it with ease."
1,"Dad thinks Rihanna is hot, but I think she's feral and looks like a monkey."
2,Jennifer C quit without giving any notice. Her husband was being transferred so she and their children had to move immediately. Jennifer C asked her sister to cover for her at the office until we found someone else.
3,Phyllis robbed the bank and left millions of dollars in her safety deposit box. B suggests we don't tell and split the money. She asks the crowd how many would agree to keep silent and split it. Lots of hands go up. I quietly leave to go tell the police
4,Paul Whitehouse and Charlie Higson were on The Fast Show. Dad knew Paul Whitehouse. Bizarre Love Triangle was playing.
5,A man is being chased. He gets trapped in a net on the side of a freighter. He is then yanked into a square boat and is swinging fast out away from the ship.
6,There is no reservation. There is your reservation.
7,Wally got invited to play ultimate frisbee but they wouldn't let him play because he shot squirrels and chipmunks.
8,My father came back from his brother-in-law and some others. My brother is angry at me for bringing him back.
9,I had a dream about being interviewed for several jobs in a number of neutral offices. The interviewers were not intimidating or frightening.
10,"Vern H has a disability. He is gentle and sweet. I am talking to a man and explaining to him how I could tell from his body language that he felt OK about disability. I start to show him what I mean, and it turns into a swim lesson. Vern H"
11,Oliver Queen was fighting some people. I saw him with an arrow and then saw Green Arrow's outfit and I called out that he should use it. Lois (Smallville) came in. Mom took my bag because she thought it was rubbish.
12,Dad woke me up and put Tigger on my bed. I wrote down my dreams in the dark.
13,I dreamed I was standing beneath an archway painted a bright green. 
14,"There was a snake approaching me. I had a pistol. I fired once and missed. The second bullet went right into the snake's mouth. The third one missed, and I woke up moaning."
15,"There is a big celebration at the Retreat Center. An artist makes beautiful paintings, a Christian gets a certificate that she is a Christian. A friend from M. City arrives with a litter of 4 kittens."
16,"There was a party. People were carrying their trays in from the kitchen to the living room, ballroom or wherever this party was being held. The last thing that I remember was that a funny silly sort of a game was being played. People had to keep their balance and if they"
17,"Ray Milland and I are at a track meet. We are high in the stands and I can't see too well over the crowd. Some of the runners are good looking, some are M.R.'s and are uncoordinated. An older man, sort of like Ray Milland"
18,"Merc and I are going in the direction of a huge wall of water. We turn and run as fast as we can for high ground. I climb and climb until I am up on a roof area. To my left is a raging river of water, but I am just barely high enough"
19,Zane and Chelsea will come over to my house and I will bake cookies for them. Both the house and the car had just gotten an alarm because somebody was paranoid about burglars breaking in. In the dream I was afraid the alarm would go off.
20,"I move into a house. There are lots of drawers in the kitchen. I open them and see the previous owner has left stuff. I see potato peelers and I open one drawer and see it is a mini stove, a built in hot plate thing. I decide to keep"
21,Ezra and Michael Cera were in the desert. Ezra took some of Michael's smokes. Michael was supposed to have made it back before Ezra. Ezra and Michael haven't seen each other for four days.
22,"Cindy is throwing a party at her new house. Before the party, she lets me use her house for a prayer group."
23,"I went to Comic-Con and met with Jewel Staite, but I don't remember anything else."
24,"I dreamed that I was in love with my neighbor Miriam. I had taken her to a movie on a Saturday and she accepted my love. After a week she broke up with her boyfriend. I went to her house to beg her, but her boyfriend appeared and they had a fight"
25,"There was a big storm and now the sea is calm. I am alone on an island. I want to get back to my room, but have to wait for a boat."
26,Charla and I are at the TV station to be on a show. We are told to wait in a studio which has lots of furniture and boxes. Charla leaves the room and I go after her. Now the staff comes in and it is breakfast time. I am spooning refried
27,"Michelle and I are going to see Tony Randall in a small theater. We sit in the balcony and enjoy the first half of the show. Then at intermission I need to change clothes. Michelle goes to her room and does whatever, while I look for something else to wear. I"
28,The Swenson triplets and their older brother Milt were around the house. Carla was at the DMV. My mother made me take a drug test with the driving test.
29,"A wheelchair user is in a wheelchair and at a tourist attraction. She wants to go down the path to see it, but everyone says she can't, because it's inaccessible. She finds another path, which is hard, gravely and dirt and curvy and steep, but she"
30,TimTim Zelling and Hank Anderson are going on a Big Resort Area trip on Thursday or Friday.
31,A magazine seller came to our home and threw magazines all over the room.
32,"Hatchet came to me. I was repeating Slipton Fell. I met Eleanor from White's on the street at night. She walked away from me, so I picked her up by the arm and we went between two buildings. I laid her down in the snow, picked up her dress"
33,Bonita and Helen Gamble were smoking cigarettes in a clothing shop on University Drive.
34,"I was driving along with Ed P. on my running board. I missed the bridge and my car went over on the side of the bank and hung there. Ed was just about falling into the river. I helped him out and then I got out and said, ""I hope the"
35,Dad and I were sitting out in the back yard reading. There was a fire alarm system in the house. My friends were in the kitchen helping Mom bake a pie. They came out of the house and got into the back of the truck. Dad started the truck and drove us around the
36,I extracted my second lower right premolar without pain. I examined the tooth with interest as did my father's cousin N. Later on in my dream went to the station and took a train for Framingham to see Dr. B.
37,"My mother and I were taking the Volvo home after repairs. The off-ramp/flyover we were supposed to take was abruptly cut off and missing. I didn't know any other ways out, so I accelerated. I flew off and landed hard. My mother had been able to stop"
38,It is a few weeks before Christmas time. My mom and my sister Ramona are going to Germany. My brother Wally and I will be alone for Christmas.
39,"At the last moment I decided to join a group of friends on a picnic. I got on the bus when it was already moving. Everybody helped me to get on, and they laughed because I had tricked the driver and hadn't paid the fare. Then I was in some sort of field with"
40,"A man and a woman got married. He had breasts and she was flat-chested. He was annoyed with her and said he'd leave. She tried to talk him out of it, but he was right."
41,"Toby's twin is coming back to Dunder Mifflin. I was watching the first episode of season 5 of The Office. It showed the end of the last episode again with Toby in his neck brace, but it was actually his twin. The camera crew had requested an interview with Toby"
42,"Spaceman was on the balcony and sniffing something. I picked it up and was going to throw it over the balcony, but threw it inside instead and he ran after it."
43,"Joe runs a general merchandise store. He has an ornately trimmed beard. He wears his hair in a Mohawk. Joe's son approaches me. He wants to show me his artwork. He points to canvas workbags he has painted red. I'm with someone else, a friend."
44,"Michael has kept a bulk file on me ever since I first met him. It has a secret file about my mother. She did something in 1942, or thereabouts (there were three or four dates) that wasn't exactly right. Aunt Rosalie is in it somewhere. The newspaper article"
45,Last night I had a dream about Mrs. Dougherty and I were in the little theater and sitting in chairs next to each other. I dreamt that I was sitting on her lap. Then I was in the auditorium and watching all the singers coming up on the stage. I
46,Muese and Morrison met in the corridor of the Science Bldg. at State University in State City.
47,"Lieutenant is flying a helicopter through the city. Jay, an acting student, comes by and asks permission to use the bathroom, but Josh is with him."
48,Roger Clemens is graduating or has been drafted. Roger Clemens has an amazing arm.
49,"Bobby was supposed to accompany me in a concert, but I had not contacted him yet. I didn't want to embarrass her or myself by ruining the concert. She had to find someone else to take my place."
50,Charley Charvat and I were going to have a party. I was changing clothes in the shop. I noticed I had on a pair of red woolen long hunting socks. It seemed my pants were too long. I looked into the mirror and I was fat or stout.
51,Joan Rivers made me sit and eat chips with tomato sauce at a food stall at Comic-Con. She also made me brush a monkey's dirty hair. I put it in my car along with a guinea pig.
52,"There was a fever in the school. Oz and Giles (both from Buffy the Vampire Slayer) would be affected because they were both werewolves. I was watching Giles. He was sweating and about to turn, so I chained him to a desk. This other person we had was chained to the"
53,"Tina invited me to a surprise party. They gave me a towel or shirt that had a little kid and the mom and me and Nancy on it. When people were climbing up, they could see their butts."
54,"I'm on my way home. I've been moved out for some time. I'm pulling a piano behind me. It's not big, maybe it's a baby grand - black, curvy shape, definitely not an upright. I have to pull it on the street, of course"
55,There was a cop doing breath tests. Phoebe and Monica were there. Elijah was there. Ezra had my phone and he looked at my photos. He saw pictures of Joey and Chandler from Friends.
56,"Gary didn't get his check yet, so he couldn't prepare for today's lesson. A group of people are in a circle, two of them in wheelchairs. They are playing a game. Gary can only go 4.8 m.p.h. in his wheelchair."
57,It's 2-4 am and I'm sitting in a bathroom in my parent's house. I'm having a watery and bloody discharge. I leave the bathroom to enter into a convenience store. There's a guy who works there watching TV.
58,There are three orange new style dresses.
59,Bill F and I were in SC. We were going to be moving there. We had found a condo to purchase and live in. I don't remember if we/I was going to purchase or rent. The place where we were meeting was a large hair salon. Someone was showing us
60,"A woman is angry at her children. She calls them stupid and worthless. Dovre returns with a full bottle of water, food and a card to help him talk slurred. I am at a beach looking out across the sand toward the ocean. I see a family, a"
61,"The dream started with me visiting a neighbor of mine in Illinois. I came to see her on her parents' farm. It was sort of a, well, I guess it would be a pretty countryside and a pretty house, but it was all dark outside as if a storm was coming"
62,A girl wiped up the floor in the old house on St. Clair.
63,"Tom's teacher for math was teaching us the same stuff he had taught us today. Near the end of the math class, he got weird and started saying things he hadn't said before. I didn't understand him."
64,"My husband, my daughter and I were going on a trip somewhere. It was late in the afternoon and my husband wasn't there yet. He had the car, and he was supposed to be there. He was sick, so he didn't come. I left my daughter beside the"
65,At one point I was talking to Bob McNamara and Rick Klaus on the outside of the agency.
66,Someone has shaved off most of my facial hair.
67,Tinkerbell and Widget turned up alive in the backyard. I hugged Tinkerbell.
68,"In my dream I was flying a jet plane and landing it. Then I was with my boyfriend and we were walking around outside in a park, when we saw a mother with her two children holding pictures of my boyfriend playing soccer. The unusual thing about this scene was the pictures were in"
69,FilFilipino recorder is quitting. Three Japanese helpers have quit.
70,"There is a group of singers playing in a coffee house, cafe. A man comes over and sits next to me and starts talking to me. He wants to go to Coffee Joe's or some other coffee bar, but I don't like coffee. He asks me about my writing."
71,"Aunt Greta lives with Frank and talks with him. Frank is pleasant with Greta, but I am jealous of her."
72,My family moved to a commercial house. The rooms were huge and did not let the daylight in. The main gate was made of iron and could be lifted like the ones in stores. I was waiting for a truck which would bring merchandise to sell. Around me I saw counters and toys
73,"Bill E. is a quack. He's withdrawn and somewhat helpless. I take him home with me, the old duplex Howard and I lived in when I was pregnant with Dovre. The only place to sleep is on a roll-away bed in the living room. He"
74,Charvat hit a ball through a window at White's. It broke the window and went inside. I was at a party of picnic. There were a couple small lakes. I flew above one of the lakes and looked down into the clear water. I saw a tail wagging or
75,I dreamed about being taken into the employ of the Baltimore steamers and having a lesson in the duties of the pilot house. I remember particularly the close questioning of a sharp-faced officer with brown side whiskers as to the method of signaling with flags. Later I seemed to be off
76,A bar has a baby in a high chair with sawed off legs. Someone brings dried kidneys and crumbles them in her soup.
77,"The end of the world was on its way. Nobody was sure what was going to happen or what was happening, but they all had a sinking feeling. I had a power, and so did others -- like heroes. I commandeered one of their big assault trucks and was confident"
78,Arya and Jaqen were talking on a path and he left. Arya held her sword out and a lady came and told her to follow her. Then it was me and I went through the portal. There was wine and alcohol. I couldn't remember which was which. I
79,"I was at Timezone in Year 9. I was in the library with Calvin, Silas and Samantha. There was a video of Elijah and others walking. I got a pain on my right arm while bowling."
80,"There was a movie called Hot Tub Time Machine. For some reason, I was watching it and it was real. Everyone was running from someone into a building with different rooms behind these curtains. I was there too and ran into a room with mirrored walls and I could see everyone else."
81,"Jennifer was choosing a bagel with onions and cream cheese at the store/cafe. I wanted a doughnut. I was supposed to park down the alley at the neighbors' place, but they were full, so I went to our house and asked Dad to let me in."
82,A woman wants to build a fence to mark a small portion of her land off to garden. She will pay 25 dollars for a wire and wood post fence. She is disappointed with the way the fences were built. She wants her husband to cut the fences into shorter ones.
83,Parvati was at the movies with the school and everyone was being gay. Then they were at a classroom doing art and I couldn't find a place to sit.
84,Cedric and Mathias were chanting something in the woods. I was sharing lolly/chocolate things with Cedric and Gavin at school. Gavin was acting weird and I thought he was going to ask me out.
85,"There was a time when there were zombies everywhere. Food was scarce. The public was scared and irrational and self-centered. Society was still functional, but we weren't sure where they would be next. I was in the house we lived in during my young teens, or a place like"
86,My family was at someone's house that I don't know. They had three baby food jars with one huge spider in each jar. I found the first one on a shelf and it bit me. The second one was on a tree branch and we caught that one. The third one
87,"A bus hit my mom and I as we were driving down the road next to Midvale High School. We were ok. Mom wanted to take us to Dad's, but I wanted to walk there."
88,"Alyssa wasn't coming to the party. Ramona and Tiana and this gay guy were there. I was playing some game that had Super Mario Galaxy like gravity. For the last bit I had to be careful. I fell, and then it was real and I was leaving"
89,"Omar Sherif was on a television program last night, Behind the Doors in Hollywood or something. Day had a dream about Omar Sherif."
90,Jennifer and I are in bed together. Jennifer is upset and wants to talk about our relationship. I avoid her. Charla is there now. She and Jennifer are talking in a friendly way. Jennifer finally bursts out with the question about what is our relationship and I don't want to
91,"Tom Cruise is driving a car. His girlfriend is in the passenger side and I am in the back, between them, leaning over the front seat to talk with them. Tom copies some words off a paper and throws it away. I see it is a FIRO-B test form and"
92,"I was in a car with my mother near the Plantageants' house. There was some kind of problem with the car. The wife was driving, and told me to turn the key in the ignition backward and that should fix the problem. The car went flying off the side of"
93,A group of people went on a trip. They were staying in a circular hotel. I was one of the last ones off the bus. It wasn't like a normal hotel where they assign you a room when you check in. The place we were staying was circular in shape and there
94,"Mom and Dad were watching The Terminator on Blu-Ray. Mom and Dad liked it better on DVD. Dad and Ezra forgot to take me for ice-cream, so I had to go out and get it myself. Some others and I were on the run. Dave was interested in"
95,Mary and I are having an argument. She wants to leave me because she doesn't love me. I believe that our lack of frequent sex is her fault. I want to ask her why she always falls asleep on the sofa instead of beside me in bed. I also wanted to remind
96,A loose 2x4 hit me on the head as I was walking past an old wooden home. An ambulance came and took me away.
97,The condemned convict is being walked past the prison. The guards walk with him. Ellie is impressed with my wheelchair dancing skills.
98,A man and a woman are having sex on the floor. They are behind the curtain (see drawing). The man is mad at them. He's written a note on the blackboard saying the keys are in the car and he will join me later. I drive to a cottage.
99,"Isaak took my car. I was at a school. Chris O'Dowd and some others were there. They were talking about something they did last night. Isaak called me saying ""Izzy?"" and I said my car had been taken."
100,"A lady and a young man were dancing in the nude in Rivertown, PA in my boyhood town behind the cow barns."
101,A man asks me to go get the record books so he can write in something that isn't true. I say no.
102,"My husband, my daughter and I were taking a trip to the state where my husband's family is and we were all packed and everything. The next day I had a baby. I don't even know whether it was a little boy or girl, and it turned out to be a little girl"
103,"It was the Eve of the feast of the Patron Saint at my hometown. The night was cold and foggy, but the people were full of joy because it was the feast. I walk with my family to the amusement park. I decide to go with my sister on the Ferris"
104,"I had a job interview at McDonald's. It was done by two girls. They were trying to impress me. I was embarrassed and I wasn't sure how it was going. Then I was watching Queer as Folk. Hazel (from the UK one) was in it, and"
105,Selena and I were playing a game. It was nighttime. First it was in a building and this lady got given a gun. Later a demon/dragon was chasing us. Selena was there and she shot it. Then it was a game and I was reading the guide.
106,Nina caught a mouse on top of the dashboard before I could reach it. I dreamt I woke up at 8. I was supposed to buy a unique flower for the shop.
107,"Sam and Dean were in a forest. They had to get a snake out of a cage to prove who had killed someone. The snake cage was about a meter long and half a meter high and was inside a bigger cage, at the top. The bigger cage was made of a softer"
108,"I went to someone's house. We were going to a little park. There were dogs doing tricks, a carousel and some bugs. I think I saw a bunny too."
109,"There is a party at my house. My friends and classmates Nicole Peterson, Wyatt Belzer, Hank Anderson, Norman Noman, Jimmy Youngman, Mya Rousing, and others are there. It is winter, after spring break, and there is snow outside. There is a young kid"
110,"He wants to dig a pond in the back yard, but I want it on the front lawn. He shows me different plants. I want to grow one and ask someone how I would do that. Bonnie comes over to help him."
111,"I dreamed that I was lying in bed and my body was raised horizontally parallel to my bed. I was in the living room. Suddenly I was with somebody and that person was covered with a sheet. When I went to uncover him, the sheet disappeared and a horrible monster tried to catch"
112,"A woman in the diner across from the library is eating a ""Veggie-Burger"" with some other people. She gets sick after eating it."
